---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-17T00:19:00.864Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-17T00:18:56.759Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-17-01bde057-5ffd-468f-8b83-9d42efb3ecee.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 01bde057-5ffd-468f-8b83-9d42efb3ecee/index.html
_type: Article

---
__

_Energy Matters, LLC  _(EM) is pleased to have the
opportunity to respond to the Solar Photovoltaic Generating System for Allegany
County solicitation.

EM was established
by _Tesla Energy Partners, LLC _(TEP).  TEP is a subsidiary of _Tesla Laboratories, Incorporated _(Tesla), a _Service Disabled Veteran Owned
Small Business _(SDVOSB).

_SunEdison, Incorporated (SunEdison)
is a key EM team member._

EM was originally
formed to respond to the 

_US Army Corps of
Engineers_

(USACE) Huntsville 

_Multiple
Award Task Order Contract_

(MATOC) for 

_Renewable
and Alternative Energy_

(RAE) PPAs.

USACE Huntsville made a MATOC award to EM on 27 AUG 2013\.

EM is organized to provide DoD (and other government
agencies) with PPAs that deliver superior solar solutions.

As will be shown in this proposal, EM has
performed detailed financing, development, and long term ownership preparations
in anticipation of a contract award.

EM
is fully capable of meeting the requirements set out in this solicitation.

EM combines the respective capabilities of Tesla and SunEdison
to form a coherent offering tailored to the needs of government agencies.

Tesla brings experience in Deployed Solar
solutions that benefit Warfighters on the battlefield, and an understanding of
how state and federal markets function.

SunEdison
brings an extensive project development and 

_Operations
and Maintenance_

(O&M) portfolio, and the expertise to make new
implementations.

The EM core team (Tesla
/ SunEdison) is able perform all work required to turn a green field into an
operating solar plant that delivers electricity under a PPA.

Solar plant development and financing subcontractors
have been added to the team to supplement organic EM capabilities.

Additional subcontractors and vendors will be
included as needed throughout the performance period envisioned by this
solicitation.

EM has a ready team of
small businesses capable of performing various functions under this contract.

Our offer relies on
three key factors: 1) ensure that the solar plant design is appropriate for the
two sites made available by Allegany County, 2) build the largest plants the
sites will allow, and 3) deliver solicitation compliant, competitive, and
realistic pricing.